Now that we've talked about training and testing your model today will actually start doing this in
practice.
Today we will run our model on the test data set that we have been supplied with.
And in the next tutorial actually compare the performance of the model on the train data and the test
data.
So let's go ahead and do all this work now.
So Joe demographic segmentation and here are the two data sets that we started with churn modeling and
Cherney modeling test data in order to run this model on the test data.
I'm going to do the following things.
I'm going to bring up Excel.
I'm going to copy the test of the normal churn modeling data set in here and then I'm going to
copy the test data set into a separate Excel file.
So now I've got two of them here and all I'm going to do is
I'm going to take all of the rows from the test data set except all the columns except for the last
column which actually tells us the results because we don't want the model to know the result.
For these people and I'm just going to copy all of them.
So I go to the bottom.
There's a thousand records here.
Can I copy them and I'm going to add them to this to this data set at the bottom.
So just copy them in here.
So here you can see that they've been out at the bottom but they don't have the result right.
So now when we put the model into the door into Grettel and we build the model we're going to be using
these records because they do have the result and Grindl can and we can build the model based on the
outcome so it can find the right coefficients for the model and then we will use these to actually evaluate
our model so we will ask Grettel to come up with probabilities for these records and then we'll assess
them all on these record separately.
So I'm going to save this as a separate file so I don't overwrite my existing file churn modeling let's
call it.
We have test data appended.
OK I will say that.
So there is a data set.
And now we're going to run Grettel File Open Data stop
and there it is.
That's all good.
So basically we're just doing the same thing as usual right now.
What do we normally do.
We add dummies for gender and we are dummies for geography.
So I'm going to change this.
France.
OK.
So I've created the dummy variables and rename them and I've added the load balance variable.
Now what we need to do is we need to re run the model here we've got our parameters and I'm going to
put them into our model.
All right so I have inputted all of the regressors into the model I've put in the dependent variable
show p values but the take here looks good.
So now we can run the model and what you should see is you should see the exact same coefficients as
we had previously.
Same R-squared everything because even though we did add records curdles not using them griddles only
building the models using observations 1 to 10000 because the last thousand records don't actually have
a value for the outcome and therefore girdled cannot simply just cannot use them in the modeling process
.
But what we can do now is we can go to analysis for costs and we want to forecast for this range you
see griddles Mar is already picking up the range from 1 from 10000 1 to 11000 for those records.
We don't want any pre forecast observations or put a 0 here and we don't want it fitted values.
It doesn't really matter because we're not going to have any of those anyway.
So now we'll just click OK.
And there you go.
So these are our new records that we added from the test data as you can see they don't have an exited
value but they have a prediction.
And this is the fun bit.
This is the important bit that Grettel will follow even knowing well without knowing what is going to
happen to these records it built the model on the other records as we discussed in the previous tutorial
and now it has applied the model to the new records.
And as you can see there are probabilities here.
Now what is the interesting bit is how right has Grettel gone in there or how right has this model gotten
them.
How correct is demographically mutation because we actually know the result.
We just did it included in the file it's in a separate file.
That's exactly what we're going to do now.
So we're going to say these records this is not going to be exit hat.
This is going to be hacked as we discussed the hat and maybe we can call it test data and here we're
going to say for probability.
Okay.
So we've said that you don't need that.
So there's our new data new column.
I know we're going to explore that file.
We're going to export data so all we need is row number.
We don't need customer ID.
We own the road number and heart test data CXXVI Khama.
Okay I'm going to say it here and at the end I'm going to add as last time for cost safe don't you do
that anymore.
All right.
So there is our data said let's open up excel and have a look.
There it is.
So and a means that these records didn't have a prediction because we didn't ask for them to predict
it.
That's right.
That's the first 10000 records.
And then as you can see the predictions begin here.
So what we're going to do is we're going to remove these records that don't have predictions.
All right.
So this is our test data predictions.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to open up our previous test data file.
So the original one.
And now what we want to do is get rid of this one.
We want to copy the actual exit value from here into here.
So normally what you would do is look up right but I'm not going to waste your time with that because
I know that I can and I can really see that they are.
They are lined up correctly so I can just take this call them exit it and copy it in to here and I can
close this.
And now what you'll see is that our we don't just only have the ability but we also have the exited
Ballis So this value didn't participate in the modeling but we have appended it now and we can verify
how well what you the when they want to do is copy it and just put it before this column.
So I've done that anyway.
So now we can see that row number exit and then we had not to because that's the order in which we need
to copy them into our template.
And that is going to we're going to use our cap curve template in the next tutorial to build the cap
curve and then compare the results on the train and test data.
So don't forget to save the file and once you're done I will see you in the next tutorial